README.md, before:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg)

# Tiny Tapeout Analog Project Template

- [Read the documentation for project](docs/info.md)

## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.

## Analog projects

For specifications and instructions, see the [analog specs page](https://tinytapeout.com/specs/analog/).

## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)

## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)

## What next?

- [Submit your design to the next shuttle](https://app.tinytapeout.com/).
- Edit [this README](README.md) and explain your design, how it works, and how to test it.
- Share your project on your social network of choice:
  - LinkedIn [#tinytapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23tinytapeout) [@TinyTapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/company/100708654/)
  - Mastodon [#tinytapeout](https://chaos.social/tags/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://chaos.social/@matthewvenn)
  - X (formerly Twitter) [#tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/hashtag/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://twitter.com/matthewvenn)

Commit message:

Adding in main design with completed magic layout

README.md, after:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg)


# ANTONalog -- A ttihp0p3 (Tiny Tapeout IHP) test project 

This isn't really anything yet. It will hopefully be Anton's Analog experiment on Tiny Tapeout IHP.

- [Read the documentation for this project](docs/info.md)


## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.


## Analog projects

For TT analog specifications and instructions, see the [analog specs page](https://tinytapeout.com/specs/analog/).


## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)


## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)
